I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YOU ONLY JUST MET ME.
I KNOW YOU'RE A SNAKE
AND A CON ARTIST.
I KNOW YOU'VE
SLEPT YOUR WAY
THROUGH THE
FEMALE STUDENT BODY
AND HALF THE FACULTY.
THE KIND OF BOY
WHO'LL BREAK YOUR HEART
AND THEN START IN
ON YOUR SISTER
AHH.
YOU MUST BE CONFUSED.
UNDERSTANDABLE.
IT'S A COMMON AFFLICTION
AMONG BLONDES.
UGH.
TRUTH IS,
I'M NONE OF THOSE THINGS.
OH, YEAH?
THEN WHO ARE YOU?
I'M JUST THE BOY THAT'S
GONNA TEAR YOUR SOUL APART.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
AH, CUT. I GUESS.
AMATEURS.
I'M SURROUNDED BY AMATEURS.
WILL YOU JUST
RUN WITH ME HERE
FOR A SECOND.
IF I WERE A GIRL
TRYING TO SEDUCE A BOY--
AND TRUST ME, OK,
I'VE BEEN THAT GIRL
MANY TIMES--
I WOULD NEVER
LET HIM KNOW
HOW MUCH I WANT HIM.
NEVER. EVER. I MEAN,
THAT'S THE MOMENT
WHEN THEY LOSE INTEREST.
SORRY, IT'S JUST--
IT'S FEEBLE WRITING.
HEY, HEY. I'M RIGHT HERE.
WE SHOULD'VE MADE
AN ANIMATED MOVIE.
WOULDA-COULDA-SHOULDA.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT.
AUDREY...
YOU GOTTA PENETRATE
THE SUBTEXT, OK?
REMEMBER, SHE KNOWS
THAT HE KNOWS THAT SHE KNOWS
WHAT KIND OF MAN HE IS.
SO IF HE KNOWS
THAT SHE KNOWS
AND SHE KNOWS
THAT HE KNOWS...
SEE WHAT I'M GETTING AT?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT. GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SHOOT THE SCENE
BEFORE WE GET OLD
AND DIE IN OUR SLEEP.
OK. BACK TO ONE, PEOPLE.
OH, I'M SORRY.
AH, PACE, IF YOU DON'T
SWING THE MICROPHONE,
YOU RUN LESS OF A RISK
OF DIPPING INTO MY SHOT,
WHICH, I THINK, WOULD
DETRACT FROM THE OVERALL
REALITY OF THE PICTURE.
GOTCHA. IT'LL BE
PERFECT THIS TIME.
ALL RIGHT. PICTURE'S UP.
OK. WE ARE ROLLING.
MARKER.
27 APPLE, TAKE 3.
AND...
ACTION.
REMEMBER,
THERE IS NO DISTINCTION
BETWEEN WRITING A STORY
AND LIVING YOUR LIFE.
THE SAME ELEMENTS THAT MAKE
A MOMENT IN YOUR LIFE
IGNITE, EXPLODE, MOVE--
THESE SAME THINGS
MAKE A SCENE
IN YOUR WRITING HAVE LIFE.
WHEN A WRITER HAS
EVOLVED IN THEIR WORK,
THEY'VE EVOLVED
AS AN INDIVIDUAL.
WHEN THE WORK IS INTENSE,
IT IS BECAUSE
THEIR LIFE IS INTENSE.
SO THE REAL QUESTION IS,
"WHAT MAKES LIFE INTENSE?"
CONFLICT. WHAT IS CONFLICT?
THE ESSENTIAL CONFLICT
AT THE CORE OF THE ARTIST?
UH, THINK OF THE MOVIES
YOU'VE SEEN,
SONGS YOU'VE HEARD,
BOOKS YOU'VE READ.
"TO BE OR NOT TO BE."
BINGO.
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOUR DESIRES
VERSUS YOUR IDEALS.
YOUR HEAD, OR YOUR HEART.
CAN SOMEBODY
GIVE ME AN EXAMPLE,
USING THEIR OWN LIFE,
OF A CONFLICT BETWEEN
THEIR DESIRES
AND THEIR IDEALS?
I HAVE AN EXAMPLE.
OUT WITH IT THEN.
WELL, IT'S UM...
IT'S ABOUT A GUY.
AH, OF COURSE.
ISN'T IT ALWAYS?
[LAUGHS]
[BELL RINGS]
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD.
I WAS CURIOUS WHERE
YOUR STORY WAS GOING.
YOU'LL HAVE TO SHARE
WITH US NEXT WEEK.
"SAME BAT TIME.
SAME BAT CHANNEL."
WE NEED TO TALK.
WE DO?
YES. THAT WAS
UNCOMFORTABLE.
NO, THAT WAS
CREATIVE WRITING.
"UNCOMFORTABLE"
IS TAUGHT DOWN THE
HALL ON THE LEFT.
THERE SHOULD BE
A WORD FOR PEOPLE
WHO USE SARCASM
AS A DEFENSE MECHANISM.
THERE IS. SARCASTIC.
I'M SERIOUS.
ARE YOU OK?
I'M FINE. I...
I MEAN, I'D BE LYING
IF I SAID I WASN'T
A LITTLE WEIRDED OUT
BY RECENT EVENTS.
I'M SORRY, JOEY.
I'M A CREEP. I...
I'VE ROBBED YOU OF YOUR
INNOCENCE, HAVEN'T I?
NO, YOU'RE NOT A CREEP.
AND DON'T SAY YOU'RE SORRY,
IT MAKES ME FEEL--
CHEAP?
NO.
DIRTY?
OK, I'M GONNA
STOP TALKING,
BECAUSE, OBVIOUSLY,
THERE ARE SOME THINGS
YOU WANNA SAY TO ME.
MANY THINGS.
OK...
I CAN'T PROMISE I'LL
HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS.
IN FACT, I CAN'T PROMISE
I'LL HAVE ANY ANSWERS,
BUT I'M WILLING
TO GIVE IT A SHOT.
THANK YOU.
WHENEVER YOU'RE READY.
YOU KNOW, IT'S KIND OF
A LOTTA PRESSURE,
AND I SEEM TO BE
FREEZING UP,
SO CAN I DO THIS
ANOTHER TIME?
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU SLEPT HERE AGAIN
LAST NIGHT, DIDN'T YOU?
DOESN'T THAT, LIKE,
VIOLATE SOME
SORT OF HEALTH CODE?
GOOD MORNING, AUDREY.
I CAN ONLY ASSUME,
SINCE IT'S YOUR DAY OFF,
THAT YOU CAME HERE
FOR A LITTLE BIT
OF PLAYFUL BANTER
AND THE OPPORTUNITY
TO CRITIQUE
MY PERSONAL HYGIENE.
WHICH IS SWEET OF YOU,
BUT YOU SHOULD
HAVE CALLED FIRST.
CAN I HAVE
THAT OMELETTE?
NO.
WE HAD PLANS, YOU KNOW.
YOU SAID YOU'D HELP ME.
UH, RIGHT.
REFRESH MY MEMORY,
THAT WAS THE BREAST
EXAM, RIGHT?
NO. LEARNING MY LINES
FOR DAWSON'S MOVIE.
WE TALKED ABOUT THIS
LAST NIGHT, REMEMBER?
ONLY VAGUELY.
AND TO TELL YOU THE
GOD'S HONEST, AUDREY,
NOW IS REALLY NOT
THE BEST TIME FOR ME.
Girl:
GOOD MORNING.
WHAT'S
FOR BREAKFAST?
AUDREY, I WOULD LIKE
TO INTRODUCE YOU
TO MY GOOD FRIEND GINA.
EXCUSE ME?
WHAT?
WHAT'S MY NAME?
[COUGH]-INA.
MY NAME IS RINA.
R-I-N-A.
WHICH IS WHAT
I SAID, RINA.
DIDN'T I SAY "RINA", AUDREY?
YOU SAID "GINA."
THANK YOU.
OH, COME ON, SWEETHEART,
DON'T LEAVE ANGRY.
OR AT LEAST
DON'T DRIVE ANGRY.
HAVE A NICE LIFE,
STACEY!
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
THE OMELETTE'S YOURS.
Polar Bear: JACK.
MORNING.
AHEM. HOW'S IT GOING, BRO?
Polar Bear: WE'RE HEARING
THERE'S A KEGGER
AT THE KAPPA MU PI  SORORITY.
SO THOSE OF YOU INTERESTED
IN GETTING SOME
NOOKY THIS EVENING,
WE SHOULD MEET BACK HERE
AT, LET'S SAY... 11:00?
BREAK.
YOU OK?
YEAH. I'M GOOD.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
SMOOTH THINGS OVER.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
YOU JUST GOTTA
LET 'EM BACK IN.
SOUNDS GOOD IN THEORY,
BUT IT'S HARD
TO FORGET THAT NIGHT.
YOU GUYS
TOTALLY BAILED ON ME.
YOU STEPPED
OVER THE LINE
IN A BIG WAY THAT NIGHT, JACK.
I KNOW. I JUST...
I FEEL LIKE THAT MOMENT
THAT I COULD HAVE
GRACEFULLY APOLOGIZED
HAS KINDA PASSED ME BY.
EVERY TIME
I'M AROUND THESE GUYS
I FEEL LIKE AN IDIOT.
WELL, STOP STRESSING.
YOU ARE  AN IDIOT.
HMM?
[LAUGHS]
I KNOW YOU'RE A SNAKE
AND A CON ARTIST.
I KNOW YOU'VE SLEPT YOUR WAY
THROUGH THE
FEMALE STUDENT BODY
AND ALMOST
HALF THE FACULTY.
THE KIND OF BOY
WHO'LL BREAK YOUR HEART
AND THEN START IN
ON YOUR SISTER.
GOOD MORNING, SUNSHINE.
IT'S OVERCAST
AND GREY.
Jen: ♪ HMM HMM HMM ♪
THERE, THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
A WEEK AGO,
I SAW IT VERY CLEARLY.
NOW I LOOK AT IT,
AND ALL I SEE
ARE THESE HUGE,
NIGHTMARISH OBSTACLES.
IT'S LIKE,
THE MOVIE'S DISAPPEARED,
JUST GOTTEN LOST
SOMEWHERE ALONG THE WAY.
I DON'T KNOW.
OR, MAYBE I HAVE.
IT CAN'T BE THAT BAD,
CAN IT?
[LAUGHS]
NOT THAT BAD?
OK, THE ENDING DOESN'T WORK,
BUT WE HAVE LESS
THAN 12 HOURS TO REWRITE IT
BECAUSE THE LIGHTS
THEY WERE GONNA USE
FOR THAT PARTICULAR SEQUENCE
WE ONLY HAVE RENTED
UNTIL TOMORROW MORNING.
[LAUGHS]
BUT THE REAL PUNCH LINE IS,
ALL OF THIS PALES
IN COMPARISON
TO THE REAL PROBLEM.
OK. WHAT'S
THE REAL PROBLEM?
THE REAL PROBLEM
IS THAT OLIVER
IS WITHOUT A DOUBT,
THE MOST PATHETIC EXCUSE
FOR A THESPIAN THAT'S EVER BEEN.
[SIGHS]
OW!
JACK AND GRAMS HAVE
MORE SEXUAL CHEMISTRY
THAN THESE TWO.
HELLO, PEOPLE.
WHAT? WHAT DID I MISS?
HAVE A SEAT,
SKIPPER.
IT'S TIME FOR US
TO THINK ABOUT
WHAT'S BEST FOR THE MOVIE.
I DON'T FOLLOW.
HAVING WATCHED
SOME OF THE FOOTAGE,
IT'S OCCURRED TO ME...
IT'S POSSIBLE YOU'RE NOT
THE RIGHT ACTOR
FOR THIS PARTICULAR ROLE.
HMM.
WELL, I'M THINKING
YOU'RE WRONG.
BUT ON THE OTHER HAND,
YOU ARE THE DIRECTOR,
AND IF THIS BEHEMOTH
HAS A PRAYER
OF GETTING DONE,
IT'S GONNA BE BECAUSE
THE FINAL DECISION
ON EVERYTHING,
INCLUDING THE CASTING,
CAME FROM YOU.
REALLY?
YOU'RE OK WITH THIS?
ON THE FLIPSIDE,
WE HAVE TO RECAST
THE PART TODAY
IF WE'RE GONNA SHOOT
THE FINALE TONIGHT.
WHERE ARE WE GONNA
FIND AN ACTOR WHO
FITS THE BILL, YOU KNOW?
SOMEBODY'S WHO'S...
SEXY, CHARISMATIC
AND ATTRACTIVE.
AND NOT BURDENED
WITH A SOUL.
EXACTLY.
WHERE WE GONNA FIND
A GUY LIKE THAT
IN 6 HOURS?
[LAUGHS]
I USED TO DATE HIM.
THAT'S NOT A BAD IDEA.
OH, YES IT IS.
IT'S A TERRIBLE IDEA.
AND YOU WOULD NEVER
MAKE ME DO THAT,
WOULD YOU, DAWSON?
[GROAN]
[LAUGHS]
JEN LINDLEY.
HOW YA BEEN?
BUSY.
JUST TRYING
TO WRAP MY HEAD AROUND
THIS WHOLE
"LEMON DIET COKE"
PHENOMENON.
I KNEW IT. I KNEW YOU COULD
NEVER LIVE WITHOUT ME.
HMM.
OH, ON THE CONTRARY,
I ACTUALLY PLAN TO SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE
LIVING WITHOUT YOU,
CHARLIE, BUT...
I NEED A FAVOR.
A FAVOR?
NOW WHY ON EARTH
WOULD I DO YOU A FAVOR?
YOU GET TO MAKE OUT
WITH A REALLY HOT GIRL.
OK. STEP INTO MY OFFICE
THE GUY IS UNBELIEVABLE.
I KNOW. HE COULDN'T EVEN
REMEMBER HER FIRST NAME.
NOT HER LAST NAME-- HER LAST
NAME I MIGHT UNDERSTAND.
I'VE SLEPT WITH GUYS
WHOSE LAST NAMES
HAVE ESCAPED ME THE MORNING
AFTER, BUT HER FIRST NAME?
WHO?
WHAT? WAIT...
WHO ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WILDER.
RIGHT. WILDER. UNBELIEVABLE.
SO I'M STANDING THERE,
READY TO SAY
EVERYTHING I NEVER SAID,
AND THEN HE PULLS THIS
JEDI-MIND-TRICK,
AND SUDDENLY,
I CAN'T EVEN
REMEMBER WHO I AM.
YOU'RE JOEY POTTER.
I REFUSE TO BECOME
ANOTHER ONE OF HIS GROUPIES.
COMPLETELY INFATUATED, REDUCED
TO A BABBLING IDIOT
AT THE MENTION
OF HIS NAME.
MAY I, UM...
BE BRUTALLY HONEST?
LIKE YOU'VE EVER BEEN
ANYTHING BUT?
YOU ARE COMPLETELY
INFATUATED WITH HIM,
AND YOU HAVE BEEN REDUCED
TO A BABBLING IDIOT
AT THE MERE MENTION
OF HIS NAME.
BUT I'M NOT SO SURE
THAT'S A BAD THING.
HOW COULD IT NOT BE
A BAD THING, AUDREY?
ONCE UPON A TIME,
I HAD THIS...
AMAZING MENTOR.
SOMEONE WHO BELIEVED
IN ME AND RESPECTED ME
AND WE WERE FRIENDS.
GOOD FRIENDS.
AND WHENEVER YOU WOULD ALLUDE
TO SOME AFFAIR
BETWEEN TEACHER AND STUDENT,
I WOULD JUST DISMISS IT.
WELL, THE LADY DOTH
PROTEST TOO MUCH.
I HAVE
TO DROP HIS CLASS.
I MEAN, SHOULD I DROP
HIS CLASS? I DON'T KNOW.
ARE YOU ASKING
FOR MY ADVICE,
OR ARE YOU
HAVING A SOLILOQUY?
WHAT'S THE ALTERNATIVE?
I SPEND
THE REST OF THE YEAR
ANGSTING OVER SOME GUY
I CAN'T BE WITH?
I'VE BEEN THERE.
IT'S EXCRUCIATING.
BUNNY... BREATHE.
ASK YOURSELF SOMETHING,
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU FELT AS COMPLETELY
AND TOTALLY ALIVE
AS YOU DO RIGHT NOW?
[BOTH LAUGH]
WHO WERE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
[GROANS]
YO.
HEY. THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING
WITH THE OTHER GUYS
TO THE ATHLETIC CENTER?
PICK UP ON
THE GYMNASTICS TEAM?
YOU KNOW, TEENAGE GIRLS
SLAMMING THEIR PELVISES
INTO THE UNEVEN BARS
AT 80-MILES-AN-HOUR.
I THINK THAT'D BE
RIGHT UP YOUR ALLEY.
NO, I HAD WORK TO DO,
SO I FIGURED
I'D GET STARTED
WITH PUTTING IT OFF.
[LAUGHS]
YEAH.
PROCRASTINATION...
IT'S THE ONLY SKILL
WE EVER LEARN IN COLLEGE.
AIN'T IT A LITTLE EARLY
IN THE DAY TO START
KNOCKING 'EM BACK?
ONLY IF YOU'RE
DOING IT ALONE.
BESIDES, YOU AND I HAVE
SOME UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
OH, DO WE?
YES, WE DO.
MADDEN 2002.
OHHHH.
YEAH, YOUR PATRIOTS
KICKED MY BEARS
INTO A DIFFERENT TIME ZONE
LAST TIME THEY MET,
AND I THINK WE'RE READY
FOR SOME REVENGE.
GET SET
FOR SOME DISAPPOINTMENT,
BECAUSE WE'RE GONNA
KICK YOUR ASS MORE.
[LAUGHS]
NO, NO. I DON'T THINK SO,
"YOU'RE FALLING
IN LOVE WITH ME."
"I CAN'T SAY YOU'RE
LACKING FOR CONFIDENCE."
"THAT'S NOT TRUE."
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
"DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE FALLING
IN LOVE WITH ME."
"NOW HOW CAN YOU BE SO SURE?
"I MEAN, HOW DO YOU KNOW
I'M NOT GONNA JUST USE YOU UP
"AND THROW YOU OUT.
THAT'S WHAT
I'VE ALWAYS DONE."
"YOU CAN SLEEP WITH..."
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH--
"NOT EVEN YOU."
"I DIDN'T KNOW.
I'VE NEVER WANTED ANYTHING
LIKE THIS BEFORE."
UH...
"NEITHER HAVE I."
A WORLD OF PAIN.
CHARLIE,
ONE STEP CLOSER,
AND YOU'RE ENTERING
A WORLD OF PAIN.
YOU KNOW, DAWSON, BUDDY,
IT'S DIFFICULT TO REALLY
BECOME THE CHARACTER
WHEN SHE IS NOT GIVING ME
ANYTHING TO WORK WITH.
ACTING TIP: IT'S CALLED
USING YOUR IMAGINATION.
OK. YOU KNOW,
I'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
SO, AH, JEN...
THANK YOU, SWEETHEART.
UM, CHARLIE,
WOULD YOU MIND JUST...
STEPPING IN THE OTHER
ROOM FOR A SECOND.
YEAH.
SO IS THIS GONNA BE
AWKWARD FOR YOU,
YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S EX
STARRING IN OUR FLICK?
I'M RUNNING OUT
OF OPTIONS HERE.
I GOTTA SAY...
HE'S PRETTY DECENT.
I MEAN...
IF YOU'RE GOING
FOR THE BRUTALLY HANDSOME,
RIPPLING ABS,
TONY SCOTT-VERSION OF ME,
HE'S AS GOOD
AS WE'RE GONNA GET, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
YEAH.
OK, SO WE USE HIM.
YES.
PROBLEM SOLVED.
NOW ALL I HAVE
TO DO IS OVERHAUL
THE ENDING
AND WE MIGHT
GET THIS DONE.
[LAUGHS]
HEAVENS TO BETSY.
FIRST, YOU TAKE AWAY
MY STARRING ROLE,
AND NOW YOU WANT
TO REWRITE MY ENDING?
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
ACTUALLY,
IT'S FRIGGIN' BRILLIANT.
FIRST, SHE BREAKS UP WITH HIM,
BREAKS HIS HEART,
THEN HE BLOW HER AWAY
WITH A .22.
POETIC JUSTICE.
I USED TO THINK IT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS PERFECT. BUT...
HAVING SEEN THE FOOTAGE--
YADA, YADA, YADA.
SO...
DID I GET THE PART, OR WHAT?
WELL, THAT DEPENDS.
CAN YOU LEARN YOUR LINES
IN 3 HOURS?
UH, BETTER MAKE THAT 2.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT.
Eric: ALL MY DUDES,
THEY GO TO THESE PARTIES
EVERY NIGHT
LOOKING FOR THEIR
NEXT GIRLFRIEND.
AND FOR WHAT?
HUH? SO THEY
CAN HAVE SOME CHICK
WHO'S GONNA BITCH AT 'EM
IN THE MORNING?
MAKE THEM
WATCH NOTTING HILL
OVER AND OVER?
NO. FORGET THAT.
THEY CAN KEEP THEIR KEG.
[BOTH LAUGH]
I LIKED NOTTING HILL.
DUDE.
YEAH?
WHAT WAS IT LIKE
WHEN YOU REALIZED
YOU WERE GAY?
WELL, IT WASN'T
LIKE THAT, YOU KNOW?
IT WASN'T LIKE
I WOKE UP ONE MORNING
FROM A ESPECIALLY NASTY DREAM
ABOUT ROBERT DOWNEY JR.
AND I SAID TO MYSELF,
"HEY, I MUST BE GAY."
WELL,
WHAT WAS IT LIKE?
[SIGHS]
WELL, YOU KNOW...
SO MANY PEOPLE JUST...
THEY SPEND SO MUCH
OF THEIR LIVES
JUST LOCKED UP IN THIS CAGE
INSIDE THEMSELVES.
AND THEY NEVER EVEN KNOW
THAT THEY HAVE
THE KEY ALL ALONG.
THAT'S HOW IT WAS FOR ME.
I CAN'T TELL YOU WHEN
I FIRST REALIZED IT, YOU KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW. AT SOME LEVEL,
I THINK I'VE ALWAYS KNOWN IT.
PROBABLY JUST LIKE
YOU'VE ALWAYS KNOWN
YOU'RE STRAIGHT.
IT WASN'T ABOUT
REALIZING THAT I WAS GAY,
IT WAS ABOUT REALIZING
THAT IT WAS ALL RIGHT.
YOU'RE AN
AMAZING GUY, JACK.
YOU KNOW THAT?
YOU REALLY ARE.
[SIGHS]
YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY
THAT I WANNA BE.
UM...
DO YOU, UH...
DO YOU WANNA
WATCH SOME MORE TV?
I, UH...I-I-I THINK
THE WORLD'S MOST HORRIFYING
BUNGEE-ACCIDENTS  IS ON.
UM...
NO, I HAVE WORK TO DO.
COME ON, MAN.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA--
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
DO IT NOW.
YEAH. I HAVE TO. OK?
I'M--I'M--I'M GONNA GO.
OK?
YEAH, I'LL SEE YA.
HEY.
YOU SELLING
GIRL SCOUT COOKIES?
DO YOU HAVE ANY
OF THE COCONUT ONES
WITH THE CHOCOLATE
AND THE CARAMEL?
I LOVE THOSE.
ACTUALLY, I FIGURED OUT
WHAT I WANT TO SAY.
EXCELLENT.
I'LL ALERT THE MEDIA.
DO YOU THINK
IT'D BE POSSIBLE
TO LOSE THE OBNOXIOUS GLIB
FOR 5 SECONDS?
YES. YES, OF COURSE.
IT IS POSSIBLE. SURE.
I'M SORRY. GO AHEAD.
UH...
I WANT TO SAY...
I'M SORRY YOU KISSED ME.
OH, MY GOD, JOEY,
I CAN'T EVEN BEGIN
TO APOLOGIZE ABOUT THAT.
I'M NOT HERE
FOR AN APOLOGY.
I DIDN'T WANT ONE
THAT NIGHT,
I DON'T WANT ONE NOW.
WELL...IN A MINUTE,
I'M GOING TO WALK OVER THERE
TO WHERE YOU ARE AND, UM,
I'M GONNA SHAKE YOUR HAND
IN A VERY MASCULINE WAY.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE THIS
LITTLE SILENT UNDERSTANDING
AND THEN I'M JUST GONNA
TURN AROUND AND WALK AWAY.
WHAT ABOUT MY CLASS?
UH, I DON'T THINK
I CAN BE A PART OF IT,
NOT NOW.
WELL,
NO GREAT LOSS THERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
SCREW YOU.
CLEVER, JOEY.
NO. WHAT I MEANT
WAS YOU'RE GONNA
DO GREAT...
WITH OR WITHOUT
MY WORKSHOP.
OH.
THAT'S WHAT YOU MEANT.
JOEY, YOU'VE GOT IT.
THE GIFT. THE TOUCH.
WHATEVER YOU WANT
TO CALL IT.
I DON'T. YOU DO.
IT'S A BINARY
DISTINCTION.
SO ALL
THE WASHED UP HACKS
TURNED
ENGLISH PROFESSORS
CAN WAX POETIC UNTIL
THE COWS COME HOME.
IN THE END...
YOUR TALENTS
AND YOUR INSTINCTS
ARE THE ONLY THINGS
THAT REALLY MATTER.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE REALLY ANNOYING.
'CAUSE EVERY TIME
I'M READY TO DO
THE SMART, SENSIBLE THING,
YOU GO AND YOU
SAY SOMETHING THAT MAKES ME...
MAKES YOU WHAT?
NOT WANT TO GO AWAY.
Audrey: OK. SO,
LET'S DO IT ONE
MORE TIME,
BUT THIS TIME, I'M NOT
JUST GONNA SAY THE LINES,
I'M REALLY
GONNA ACT THEM.
YOU WARNING ME?
NO.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO PAY ATTENTION
SO YOU CAN GIVE ME
SOME NOTES.
OK. WELL, I'M READY.
JUST GIVE ME
A MINUTE, OK,
WILL YA?
BRING IT! BRING IT!
BRING IT ON!
BRING IT!
WHEW.
YOU'RE NOT SO TOUGH,
YOU KNOW.
UH, "WELL, I PICKED
THE LOCK TO GET IN HERE.
THAT'S PRETTY TOUGH."
YOU'RE FALLING IN LOVE
WITH ME.
"I CAN'T SAY YOU'RE
LACKING FOR CONFIDENCE."
NO. THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I AM LACKING.
I'M VERY INSECURE...
BUT THAT DOESN'T
CHANGE THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE
FALLING IN LOVE WITH ME.
UH...
"HOW CAN YOU BE SO SURE?
"HOW DO YOU KNOW I'M NOT
JUST GONNA USE YOU UP
"AND THROW YOU AWAY?
IT'S WHAT
I'VE ALWAYS DONE."
YOU CAN SLEEP
WITH ALL THE RIGHT GIRLS
AND TAKE
ALL THE RIGHT DRUGS,
BUT IN THE END...
YOU'LL STILL BE ALONE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT ANYBODY SAYS, GAGE.
NOBODY WANTS TO BE ALONE.
NOT EVEN YOU.
WAIT! WAIT!
I'M NOT GONNA DO THIS!
UH, WELL, NO,
OF COURSE NOT.
ME, NEITHER.
BECAUSE...
BECAUSE IT WOULD BE WRONG.
WELL,
IT'S OBVIOUSLY WRONG.
THAT'S WHY WE STOPPED.
SO...
[SIGHS]
DO YOU HAVE
ANY NOTES?
CUT. CUT.
Dawson: CUT.
I'M SORRY, OK?
IT'S JUST
THAT MY CO-STAR
CHARLIE SHEEN
OVER HERE,
IS RAMMING
HIS TONGUE
DOWN MY THROAT.
I FEEL LIKE
HE'S LOOKING FOR
MY DIAPHRAGM.
FOILED AGAIN.
Dawson:
OK, WE'RE GONNA
TAKE IT FROM, UH,
JUST BEFORE
THE KISS. ALL RIGHT?
AND, UH, PACE? I SEE THE BOOM
DIP IN AND OUT OF MY FRAME,
I BEGIN TO FORGET
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
OK.
ALL RIGHT. PICTURE'S UP.
AND MARKER.
14 BAKER, TAKE 12.
AND...ACTION.
I DIDN'T...
I NEVER WANTED ANY...
I'M SORRY.
CAN WE DO THAT DIFFERENT?
IT KIND OF GOT AWAY
FROM ME.
STILL ROLLING.
WHENEVER YOU'RE READY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
I NEVER WANTED ANYTHING
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
NEITHER HAVE I.
LINE.
"I'M AFRAID
OF FALLING."
I'M AFRAID OF--
WOULD GAGE REALLY SAY--
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,
JUST SAY IT.
I'M AFRAID OF FALLING.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL CATCH YOU.
AND CUT.
OW. OW! SHE HIT ME
ON THE EAR.
I'M SORRY. I CAN'T
WORK LIKE THIS, OK?
IT'S COMPLETELY
UNPROFESSIONAL.
AND IT'S JUST--
IT'S TOO INTENSE
WITH YOU STANDING
RIGHT THERE NEXT
TO ME.
YOU'RE A TERRIBLE
BOOM OPERATOR.
REMEMBER
THAT UNCOMFORTABLE VIBE
YOU WERE SENSING
IN CLASS?
YES.
GOOD THING
WE DEALT WITH IT.
YEAH.
IT'S A GOOD THING,
BECAUSE NOW THE 2 OF US
ALONE IN YOUR HOUSE--
I'M SO RELIEVED
THAT THERE'S
NO AWKWARD TENSION.
WE CAN JUST RELAX.
YEAH, YEAH.
I'VE NEVER BEEN
THIS RELAXED.
I--I MIGHT
FALL ASLEEP.
WE'RE BEING SARCASTIC.
LOOK, JOEY,
THE THING IS--
THE THING I WANTED
TO SAY TO YOU IS I--
I CAN'T AFFORD
TO LOSE MY JOB.
THAT'S THE LAST THING
THAT I WANT.
BUT IT'S IMPORTANT
TO ME THAT YOU KNOW
THAT WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN US--
I'VE NEVER DONE
ANYTHING LIKE THAT
BEFORE.
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW,
JOEY POTTER, I--
I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER MET ANYONE
LIKE YOU.
THAT'S WHAT ALL BOYS SAY.
YEAH? WELL,
THEY'RE RIGHT.
I WAS BEING
SARCASTIC AGAIN.
WANNA HEAR MY EXAMPLE?
HMM?
MY EXAMPLE
OF AN INTERNAL CONFLICT
BETWEEN MY IDEALS
AND DESIRES.
ARE YOU SURE YOU DON'T
WANNA SAVE IT FOR CLASS?
I THINK I WANNA
RUN IT BY YOU FIRST.
FAIR ENOUGH.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
YOU'RE VIBRATING.
EXCUSE ME.
HELLO? HI.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
RIGHT NOW?
YEAH. I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
I HAVE TO GO.
OK.
SORRY.
DON'T BE.
BYE.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
ERIC TOLD US
WHAT HAPPENED.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
TALKING ABOUT?
ERIC TOLD US
YOU TRIED TO KISS HIM.
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
OH, MY GOD, YOU ARE.
Blossom:
PLEASE DON'T WASTE
EVERYONE'S TIME
SCRAMBLING
TO DENY IT.
IT'S BETTER
IF YOU JUST ADMIT
THE TRUTH.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
I WAS JUST NANCYING
AROUND MY ROOM
IN MY THIGH-HIGHS,
AND I THOUGHT TO MYSELF,
"I'M GONNA LAY A WET ONE
ON AN UNSUSPECTING
FRATERNITY BROTHER,
"BECAUSE THAT'S
A GREAT WAY
TO SMOOTH THINGS OVER
WITH THE HOUSE."
JACK...
IF YOU GUYS IMAGINE
JUST FOR A SECOND
THAT I WOULD--COULD EVER
IN A MILLION YEARS
DO ANYTHING LIKE THAT
TO ANY ONE OF YOU GUYS,
THEN I GUESS YOU GUYS
NEVER KNEW ME AT ALL.
WAIT A MINUTE. YOU WANT US
TO BELIEVE THAT ERIC,
LIKE, FABRICATED
THIS WHOLE THING?
[SCOFFS]
NO. WHAT I'M SAYING
IS THAT I DON'T CARE,
BECAUSE IT WOULDN'T MATTER
IF I DID.
YOU GUYS HAVE
MADE UP YOUR MINDS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
SO HAVE I.
I'M MOVING OUT
OF THE HOUSE
AND I'M NOT COMING BACK.
THAT'S NOT WHAT WE WANT, JACK.
WELL, WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
MY BROTHERS,
GET OUT.
SO, DAWSON,
LET'S SAY THAT--
HYPOTHETICALLY
SPEAKING--
I MIGHT HAVE
SOME INSIGHT
INTO WHY YOUR INGÉNUE
IS SO EXASPERATED TODAY.
AND LET'S ALSO SAY
THAT--HYPOTHETICALLY
SPEAKING--
I MIGHT BE
MILDLY CULPABLE
FOR HER EXASPERATION.
WHICH REALLY ISN'T
THAT IMPORTANT,
I'M SURE IT'S NOTHING,
FORGET I MENTIONED IT.
PACEY, MY PATIENCE
IS WEARING JUST
A LITTLE BIT THIN.
OK, WELL, UH,
HERE'S THE THING.
I KISSED HER.
YOU IDIOT.
DIDN'T ANYBODY
EVER TELL YOU
THE FIRST RULE
OF THE UNIVERSE?
UH, YEAH.
THAT ENERGY IS CONSERVED.
FIRST RULE
OF THE UNIVERSE,
NEVER GET INVOLVED
WITH AN ACTRESS.
HELP. IT'S TRYING TO THINK.
LOOK, I JUST WANTED
TO OFFER A FEW IDEAS...
PARTICULARLY IN THE WAY
OF MY CHARACTER.
ARE YOU SERIOUSLY
GONNA GIVE ME A REASON
TO SLAP THE SILLY OUT OF YOU?!
HEY.
COME ON, SLIM. COME ON! 'CAUSE
I'M FEELIN' A LITTLE CRAZY!
A LITTLE DEEP BREATH.
SHE'S GOT MOXIE, THAT ONE.
THAT IS NOT--
WHO'S THIS MOXIE?
[SOFTLY]
I'M SORRY.
QUIET THOUGHTS.
GOOD THOUGHTS.
I'M OK.
HEY, GUYS.
JOEY.
NOT A MOMENT
TOO SOON.
UH, TAKE PACEY
BY FORCE, IF NECESSARY,
AND EXTRACT AUDREY
FROM THE BATHROOM.
ALL RIGHT. OLIVER...
TAKE CHARLIE,
FIND A LITTLE CORNER,
AND NOD VAGUELY
WHILE HE GIVES YOU HIS NOTES.
UH, JEN.
SWEETHEART,
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO HAVE AN EMBOLISM.
DAWSON, HE'S EVIL.
ISN'T IT
ENTIRELY POSSIBLE
THAT HE IS
THE ANTICHRIST,
PACKED INTO THE BODY
OF A HANDSOME MUSICIAN?
I NEED YOU TO DO ME
A BIG FAVOR.
YOU WANT ME TO KILL HIM.
I NEED YOU TO GO HOME.
RIGHT NOW. JUST--
JUST GATHER YOUR STUFF
AND LEAVE.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
I'M GONNA GET THIS DONE.
BUT WHO WOULD DO
THE CLAPPY THING?
WE'LL MANAGE.
PACE, WHY DID DAWSON
INSIST YOU COME ALONG
ON THIS MISSION?
DID SOMETHING HAPPEN
BETWEEN YOU AND AUDREY?
NO. NO.
OF COURSE NOT.
BECAUSE IF SOMETHING
HAPPENED BETWEEN US
IT WOULD BE
A HORRIBLE, TERRIBLE
THING, RIGHT?
PACEY,
YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
OK. IF ONE MORE PERSON
CALLS ME AN IDIOT,
I'M REALLY GONNA START
FEELING BAD ABOUT MYSELF.
DON'T YOU THINK I'D
PREFER YOU HOOKING UP
WITH SOMEONE AMAZING
LIKE AUDREY
RATHER THAN
SOME RANDOM DITZ
WHO'S NAME YOU
CAN'T EVEN REMEMBER
IN THE MORNING?
I CAN REMEMBER HER NAME.
Audrey: GO AWAY.
SEVERE FLOODING.
OUT OF ORDER.
AUDREY, IT'S ME.
I'M WITH PACEY.
WE'RE COMING IN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I CAN'T GO IN THERE.
THAT'S
THE LADIES ROOM.
JOE--OW, OW, OW.
[SNIFFLING]
AUDREY, YOU LOOK GREAT
IN THAT DRESS.
REALLY?
NO. FORGET IT.
I DON'T DESERVE
TO TALK TO YOU.
I DON'T EVEN
DESERVE TO BE
IN THE SAME
LAVATORY AS YOU.
WHY, BECAUSE
YOU KISSED PACEY?
WHAT? YOU TOLD HER?
HOW COULD YOU?
AMATEUR.
AUDREY,
PACEY DIDN'T TELL ME.
I INTUITED.
THAT'S AMAZING, JOEY.
YOU'RE VERY INTELLIGENT.
NEXT STOP, ROCKET SCIENCE.
I'M NOT UPSET.
WELL, YOU SHOULD BE.
OUR FRIENDSHIP IS LIKE
THE SPECIAL-EST THING
THAT I'VE FOUND SINCE
I CAME HERE.
AND WHAT DO I DO?
I STEP ON IT.
I BETRAY YOU. WHY?
BECAUSE I AM WEAK
WHEN IT COMES TO MEN.
Joey: YOU'RE NOT.
OK...
MAYBE YOU ARE WEAK.
BUT KISSING PACEY
IS NOT WEAK.
IN FACT, IT COULD BE
THE SMARTEST THING
EITHER ONE OF YOU HAS
DONE FOR A LONG TIME.
REALLY?
YOU THINK?
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU BOTH
IN THE BEST, SIMPLEST WAY,
AND ALL I CARE ABOUT IS
THAT YOU GUYS ARE HAPPY.
YOU'RE LIKE...
GIVING US PERMISSION?
YOU DON'T NEED
MY PERMISSION.
I'M GIVING YOU
MY BLESSING...
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH.
I WANT YOU TO LISTEN
TO ME CLOSELY,
BECAUSE YOU'RE NEVER
GONNA GET ANYTHING
LIKE THIS AGAIN.
YOU KNOW THE TRUTH.
YOU KNOW WHAT REALLY
HAPPENED IN THAT ROOM
AND WHAT DIDN'T,
AND YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO LIVE WITH THAT.
AND BELIEVE ME WHEN
I TELL YOU, ERIC...
YOU'VE GOT SOME SERIOUS
ISSUES TO DEAL WITH,
AND YOU NEED
SOME SERIOUS HELP.
I REALLY HOPE YOU FIND IT.
THIS IS KIND
OF BEAUTIFUL.
SHE SAYS,
AS SHE EXITS
CAMERA RIGHT.
SO IF THERE ARE
NO FURTHER CRISES
YOU NEED ME
TO BAIL YOU OUT OF--
NOT UNLESS YOU CAN
FIX THE ENDING.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THE ENDING?
I'M NOT EVEN REALLY
SURE THAT IT'S WRONG.
I'M JUST...
UNSURE?
YEAH.
WELL, IT'S
A LOVE STORY, RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
SO DO THEY END UP
HAPPILY EVER AFTER
OR NOT SO MUCH?
NOT SO MUCH.
HE KILLS HER.
OH. A LITTLE DEPRESSING.
A LITTLE CYNICAL
FOR THE DAWSON I KNOW.
APPARENTLY,
I'M IN MY DARK PERIOD.
IF THAT'S
REALLY TRUE, WHY ARE YOU
SO RELUCTANT TO FILM IT?
'CAUSE PART OF ME WISHES
I COULD STILL BE
THAT EMBARRASSING,
ROMANTIC KID.
YOU KNOW,
THE ONE WHO BELIEVED
WITH SUCH CONVICTION
IN THE GOSPEL
ACCORDING TO SPIELBERG.
YOU KNOW, I'M HAVING
TROUBLE MUSTERING
ANYTHING RESEMBLING
SENTIMENTALITY
OR CORN OR...
FOR LACK OF
A BETTER WORD, HOPE.
I WAS AT
THE BUS STATION ONE TIME
AND SOMEONE HAD WRITTEN
THESE WORDS ON A BENCH:
"HOPE DIES LAST."
I ALWAYS LOVED IT.
I THINK YOU'RE WAITING
FOR A SIGN.
I'VE BEEN WAITING.
I'M FREEZING
MY ASS OFF OUT HERE.
DID IT EVER OCCUR
TO YOU, DAWSON LEERY,
THAT MAYBE I'M THE SIGN
YOU'RE WAITING FOR?
IT'S GONNA BE OK...
FOR ALL OF US.
YOU ALONE?
NO. I GOT
THE VIENNA BOYS CHOIR WITH ME.
[SIGHS]
CAN WE PUT THE BITING
SARCASM TO REST?
YOU WAITING FOR A BUS?
NOPE. I'M JUST
SITTING HERE
BEING COLD.
[SIGHS]
WHAT'S HAPPENED
TO YOU?
OH, IT'S HARD TO SAY.
I SEEM TO REMEMBER
THE TWO OF US
HANGING OUT IN FRONT
OF THAT COFFEE STAND
AT THE BEGINNING
OF THE YEAR.
THEN "DUMB GUY
WITH A DREAM" COMES UP
AND INVITES US
TO A FRATERNITY PARTY.
EVERYTHING AFTER THAT'S
KIND OF A BLUR.
JEN, CAN I ASK YOU
A QUESTION?
YOU CAN ASK ME
A QUESTION.
DID YOU LIKE
NOTTING HILL?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
I LOVE THAT MOVIE.
[SIGHS]
[LAUGHS]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THE ENDING SUCKS.
AUDREY.
HEY.
ALL RIGHT.
OK.
HERE'S WHAT
WE'RE GONNA DO.
WE'RE GONNA
CUT ALL THIS.
WE'RE JUST NOT
GONNA DO IT, OK?
WE'RE GONNA KEEP THIS,
WE'RE GONNA KEEP THAT,
AND WE'RE GONNA FORGET
ALL ABOUT THIS.
AND WE'RE GONNA
END IT WITH THAT.
NOW WHEN YOU DO IT,
FORGET EVERYTHING
YOU'VE DONE UP UNTIL THIS POINT.
THIS IS THE MOMENT WHERE
SHE LETS DOWN HER DEFENSES.
IT'S NOT DRY,
IT'S NOT SARDONIC,
IT'S JUST HONEST
AND IT'S VULNERABLE.
NOW, WHEN YOU DO IT...
[WHISPERING]
BUT DOESN'T
THAT COMPLETELY--
SHOOT FIRST,
ASK QUESTIONS LATER.
OK.
FRANK, YOU READY?
WE'RE GONNA DO THIS.
AND WE'RE GONNA DO IT
IN ONE SHOT.
THINK ORSON WELLES,
TOUCH OF EVIL.
EVERYBODY KNOWS
WHERE THEY ARE.
EVERYBODY KNOWS EXACTLY
WHAT THEY HAVE TO DO.
LET'S BE THE BALL, PEOPLE.
PICTURE'S UP.
[LAUGHS]
ROLLING.
SCENE 32,
TAKE 1.
[DAWSON LAUGHING]
WHAT?
AND...ACTION!
YOU RUINED MY LIFE.
YOU WRECKED ME!
I KNOW...
AND I'M SORRY.
I DID A BAD THING.
I'VE DONE A LOT
OF BAD THINGS
IN MY LIFE.
I DIDN'T HAVE
A CHOICE.
I HAD TO DO IT,
BECAUSE IT WAS ALL
PART OF THE TRIP.
Audrey: THE JOURNEY...
TO THIS PLACE,
THIS MOMENT,
WITH YOU.
THE THING
ABOUT LIFE?
YOU CAN'T LOSE
AND YOU CAN'T WIN...
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO TRY.
HOW DO YOU--
DON'T SPEAK.
BUT--
[LAUGHS]
FADE OUT.
SO, LISTEN, I THINK I SHOULD
PROBABLY APOLOGIZE
FOR WHAT HAPPENED EARLIER
UP IN YOUR ROOM.
MY MIND JUST TOOK A BRIEF
VACATION TO THE BAHAMAS.
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT CAME OVER ME.
YEAH, UM,
ME NEITHER.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN
THE METHOD.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING
A LOT OF JAMES LIPTON LATELY.
YEAH.
THAT MUST BE IT,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
NOW THAT WE HAVE
HER PERMISSION,
THE FEELING
IS JUST--
NOPE.
YOU'RE NOT MY TYPE.
YOU ALREADY
SAID THAT.
I KNOW. I'M JUST...
CONVINCING MYSELF.
WELL, HOW'S THAT
GOING FOR YA?
NO, NOT SO GOOD.
NOT SO GOOD?
UH-UH.
OK, I'M GO--
I'M GOING HOME.
RIGHT NOW.
GOOD NIGHT.
OF COURSE...
I DON'T HAVE A CAR,
SO...
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
WALK HOME.
WELL, NO.
WE CAN'T HAVE THAT.
YOU KNOW,
YOU WERE AMAZING
OUT THERE TONIGHT.
WAS I?
YES, YOU WERE.
AND THEN, OF COURSE,
THERE'S THAT--
THAT THING
THAT YOU DO.
HOW DO YOU DO
THAT THING?
WHAT THING?
YOU SMILE
AND THE WHOLE WORLD
LIGHTS UP.
ACTING.
HMM. BEATS THE HELL
OUTTA WORK.
2-TO-3 IS THE COUNT.
BOTTOM OF THE NINTH,
BASES LOADED,
SAMMY....SOMETHING
IS UP TO BAT.
POTTER'S ONE LAST SHOT
AT IMMORTALITY.
THE WINDUP, THE PITCH.
YAAAH!
AND THE CROWD GOES WILD!